no more "name" property in animations (#254)
decentraland/documentation: content/creator/sdk7/3d-essentials/3d-model-animations.md

`Animator.getClip` requires the following parameters:

- `entity`: The entity of the `Animator` component that you want to query.

> - `name`: Striing for the name of the clip you want to fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clipName`: String for the name of the clip you want to fetch.
```

`Animator.playSingleAnim` requires the following parameters:

- `entity`: The entity of the `Animator` component that you want to affect.

> - `name`: String for the name of the clip you want to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clipName`: String for the name of the clip you want to play.
```
